docs(firebase_auth): add note about Dynamic Links setup requirement for passwordless authentication. (#7677)
FirebaseExtended/flutterfire: docs/auth/usage.mdx

Firebase Authentication uses Firebase Dynamic Links to send the email link to a mobile device. For sign-in completion via mobile application, the application has to be configured to detect the incoming application link, parse the underlying deep link and then complete the sign-in.

Follow the setup process for Firebase Dynamic Links on Flutter in this [guide](https://firebase.flutter.dev/docs/dynamic-links/overview) and ensure you have

> correctly setup [android](https://firebase.flutter.dev/docs/dynamic-links/android-integration) & [apple](https://firebase.flutter.dev/docs/dynamic-links/apple-integration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
correctly integrated Dynamic Links for [Android](https://firebase.flutter.dev/docs/dynamic-links/android-integration) and [Apple](https://firebase.flutter.dev/docs/dynamic-links/apple-integration) devices.
```
